https://codepen.io/BrandonManos/pen/jOWKEOV?editors=1100


    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

        For me, semantic HTML is HTML that I can look at and know what the purpose for that html is as soon as I read it. 

    2. What is HTML used for? 

        HTML is used to markup a webpage. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

        An attribute is something that is placed inside a tag that gives additional information about that tag. 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

        The h1 tag is the main heading on a webpage, it should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

        img and link 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

        Important infomation that doesn't need to be displayed on the webpage. 

    7. What is an id?

        An id is a css selector that contains specific declarations. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

        Any element ex) h1-h6, p, div, etc. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 

        Once.

    10. What is a class? 

        A class is a group of elements that are styled a specific way. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

         Any element ex) h1-h6, p, div, etc. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

        As many times as you want. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

        Within your link use the target attribute and set its value to equal "_blank".

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

        The alt attribute is used to give another location of the image in case src doesn't work. 

    15. How do I reference an id?

        in css you use #idName

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

        A section is used to define sections in a webpage, the content within the section tags is grouped. 
        A div is used for dividing your webpage.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

        Css is used for adding style to your webpage. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

        h2 {
            declaration: value; 
        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

        You use a class when you want to use declarations for more than one selector, you can use this as many times as you want. 
        ex) If you have a bunch of links you can group those together and use the same declarations and values for each one so those look neat on your webpage.
        
        You use id to specify declarations for a specific selector, you only want to use this once. 
        ex) You could use id on a h1 element so you can keep that heading different from other headings on your webpage. 

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?

        .className {
            declaration: value; 
        }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

        .human p {
            declaration: value; 
        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

        An ex of this is in the question above, this is useful when you want to change something within a class but you don't want to change the whole class as a whole.  

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

        .sidebar a {
            declaration: value; 
        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

        A pseudo selector defines what an element does when it is interacted with. 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?

        line-height 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

        You can use text-transform: uppercase; 
                    text-transform: lowercase;
                    text-transform: capitalize; 

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

        div {
            border-style: dotted; 
            border-style: 1px; 
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

        *{

        }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

        /* 
            comments go here
        */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

        rm. You have to be careful using this because this is a permanent action. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 

        Using version control gives you the ability to look back and see when changes were made to projects. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?

        Whenever you add important information to your projects. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 

        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

        Steps:
        1) Fork the repo.
        2) Check to make sure your name is in font of the repo.
        3) Add Collaborators.
        4) Clone repo/push green button/get url.
        5) Go to the directory where you want to clone you repo use cd. 
        6) Use git clone command.
        7) Use cd to enter into repo.
        8) Enter git checkout-b 'firstName-lastName' to create own branch.
        9) Work on project.
        10) Add and commit changes. Enter git add then git commit-m "Message goes here".
        11) Push changes back to github repo. Enter git push origin branch-name.
        12) Submit a pr.
        13) Make sure your project went through. Click on Branch:Master then click name-branch.
            then click new pull request.
        14) When on PR page click dropdown button that says base repository. Change this to your forked copy.
        15) Add reviewers and submit PR.
        16) DO NOT MERGE. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

        A inline element stays on one line while a block element takes up its own line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

        The element is positioned on its own layer seperately from all other elements. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

        By using the box model. 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

        h1, p, and div are all block line elements. a and span display inline by default. A button element has a default display of inline-block. 

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

        The box model defines the spacing within a specific area. If you have a <p> tag and you set the width and height for that element then you have created padding. 
        Padding is the space inside of the box that is around your content surrounded by the <p> element. Border is the space extending from the box that surrounds the content. 
        Margin is the space that comes after the border. 

   --> 